Execution mode: Sequential
Goal: Fix the unchecked-lead pass-through bug in the Supervisor evidence filter.

Context

The system currently allows leads that were never checked for required hard evidence to pass through the delivery filter.

This happens in mission-executor.ts inside the hard evidence filtering stage.

Current incorrect behaviour:

If a lead is not present in leadsChecked, the filter currently allows it through.

Example pattern currently in the code:

if (!leadsChecked.has(i)) return true;

This means leads that were never checked for hard evidence (for example website_evidence constraints) can still be delivered.

This causes incorrect results such as:

• Hard website-evidence queries returning leads with no website evidence
• Delivered leads having verification_status like:
  - not_attempted
  - ranking_only
  - field_filter_only
• Tower failing the run even though the delivery layer allowed the bad leads through

Observed example:

Query:
"Find pubs in Arundel that mention live music on their website"

Result:
5 leads delivered but only 3 had verification data.

This means 2 leads were delivered without being checked.

This is a correctness bug.

Required Fix

In mission-executor.ts locate the hard evidence filtering logic (around the section that filters leads based on evidenceResults and leadsChecked).

Change the unchecked-lead behaviour so that:

If a lead was never checked for a required hard evidence constraint,
it MUST NOT pass the filter.

Specifically change logic like:

if (!leadsChecked.has(i)) return true;

to:

if (!leadsChecked.has(i)) return false;

But ensure the fix is safe and only applied when:

• the constraint requires evidence (for example website_evidence or attribute_check)
• the constraint is hard

Leads should only pass if one of the following is true:

1. the lead was checked and evidence satisfied the constraint
2. the constraint does not require evidence
3. the constraint is soft

Do not allow unchecked leads to satisfy hard evidence constraints.

Additional Requirement

Add a regression test to ensure this bug cannot reappear.

Test scenario:

• Query with a hard website evidence constraint
• Multiple candidate leads
• Some leads never receive website evidence checks
• Expected result: those leads must not appear in delivered results

Implementation Steps

1. Locate hard evidence filtering logic in:

server/supervisor/mission-executor.ts

2. Identify where leadsChecked is used.

3. Modify the filtering condition so unchecked leads fail when hard evidence is required.

4. Ensure existing behaviour for soft constraints remains unchanged.

5. Add a regression test under the existing supervisor test suite.

Deliverables

1. Code fix in mission-executor.ts
2. New regression test demonstrating the bug is fixed
3. A short markdown file:

SUPERVISOR_BUGFIX_UNCHECKED_LEADS.md

Contents:

• description of the bug
• root cause
• code change
• test case added
• confirmation that unchecked leads cannot pass hard evidence constraints