I can see the cycle — Agent fixes the port conflict, it briefly appears, then drops again with "Hmm... We couldn't reach this app." That pattern (flash then die) usually points to the process starting but then crashing almost immediately, or a health check timeout. Here's a comprehensive pt:

PT — Supervisor Preview Won't Stay Up (Comprehensive Diagnostic & Fix)
The Supervisor preview keeps flashing up briefly then dying with "Hmm... We couldn't reach this app." The port conflict was already fixed but the problem persists. Work through ALL of the following causes systematically before declaring it fixed. After each fix attempt, confirm the preview stays up for at least 30 seconds.
1. Process crash on startup — check logs first

Run the server manually in shell: node dist/index.js (or whatever the entry point is) and watch stdout/stderr for crash errors
Look for unhandled promise rejections, missing env vars, or import errors
If it crashes, fix the root cause before moving on

2. Replit .replit config — entry point and port

Check .replit file — make sure run command points to the correct entry point
Make sure the app binds to 0.0.0.0 (not localhost or 127.0.0.1) on port 5000
Check if there's a [deployment] or [nix] section that might override the run command

3. Health check timeout

Replit expects an HTTP response within a few seconds of startup
If the server does heavy async init (DB connections, API warmup) before listening, the health check may time out
Fix: call app.listen() FIRST, then do async initialization after. The server must respond to HTTP immediately on startup
Add a simple GET / or GET /health route that returns 200 OK immediately, even before full init completes

4. Port mismatch or double-listen

Search the entire codebase for any hardcoded port references: grep -r "listen" --include="*.ts" --include="*.js" -n
Make sure only ONE app.listen() call exists
Check for any middleware or wrapper that might call listen on a different port

5. Compilation/build issues

If using TypeScript, run npx tsc and check for errors — a stale or failed build in dist/ could mean the server loads old broken code
Run rm -rf dist && npx tsc to force a clean rebuild
Check that tsconfig.json outDir matches what the run command expects

6. Missing dependencies

Run npm install to ensure all deps are present
Check for any recently added imports that aren't in package.json

7. Memory/resource limits

Replit free/basic plans have memory limits — if the server allocates too much on startup it gets OOM-killed
Check if there are any large in-memory caches or data structures loading at startup
Add console.log('Memory:', process.memoryUsage()) right after listen to check

8. Unhandled errors killing the process

Add this near the top of the entry point if not already present:

  process.on('uncaughtException', (err) => { console.error('Uncaught:', err); });
  process.on('unhandledRejection', (err) => { console.error('Unhandled rejection:', err); });

This prevents silent crashes

9. Preview URL path

Make sure the preview pane is hitting the root / path
If all routes require auth or return 404/redirects, Replit may treat that as "not reachable"
Ensure at minimum a GET / route exists that returns a 200

10. Stale processes

Run lsof -i :5000 and ps aux | grep node to check for zombie processes
Kill everything: pkill -f node then restart cleanly

After working through all of these, confirm the preview is stable by refreshing the preview pane 3 times with 10-second gaps. Report which issue(s) were the actual cause.
Work on the main branch only — do not create or switch branches. After completing this task, append a structured summary to AGENT_LOG.md (what changed, files modified, decisions made, what's next).